you
if I get University i'm going to read
what i want and we're back now that
shows you're a rebel that I want that at
Oxford know any what people you can
think for themselves of course they're
done the musical ever end up worried
about your cello jump in well sis
Jenny's been sent some flowers which
have thank you listen I'm glad I ran
into you what are you doing on Friday
nothing I won't allow it you got me he
didn't tell me had a sister Jenna but if
I promise to have her back by
eleven-thirty it really is a young man's
love
dummies are my friends Helen I'm Demi so
that's all right its loneliness you want
something you just get David to take
your shopping in Paris they're not here
I'd love to there's so much I want you
to see when we can how was your evening
best night of my life my god daddy's new
boyfriend it's not my new boyfriend you
have no idea how boring everything was
before I met you
go to Oxford no matter what cuz if you
don't you'll break my heart my choice is
to do something hard and boring for the
rest of my life or go to Paris and have
fun
be careful if I were you journey I don't
need looking after thank you very much
they can be quite naughty sometimes
funny world you be following we're not
clever like you so we have to be clever
in other ways because if we weren't
there would be no fun all my life I've
been scared I didn't want you to be
scared as far as you think I'm a ruined
woman huh you're not Obama actions
character if we never did anything we
wouldn't be anybody
sound very old and wise I feel old but
not very wise